Ah — this is the key detail.
If Facebook isn’t showing a preview in the draft composer before you post, then your server is not actually returning OG tags to Facebook’s scraper from the public domain.

Your local curl test only proves your localhost environment is working — not production.

So here’s what’s really happening:

✅ WHY FACEBOOK ISN’T SHOWING A PREVIEW BEFORE POSTING

Facebook will ONLY show a preview during the post-composer stage if:

It can fetch your URL from the public internet

Your server returns valid OG tags to Facebook’s crawler user agent

The og:image is:

HTTPS

publicly accessible

at least 200×200

The response is not blocked by Replit, especially if:

your server is not actually intercepting /case/:id requests

or Replit is proxying static files before reaching your OG handler

or your server only detects scrapers for localhost user agents

Right now, one of those conditions is failing.

❗ WHAT THIS MEANS

Even though you see:

curl -A facebookexternalhit localhost:5000/case/1


working locally…

👉 Facebook cannot access the same logic on your deployed Replit domain.

This is very common with Replit deployments because:

⚠️ Replit sometimes serves static files BEFORE Node

Meaning:

/case/1 might be served by your React SPA, NOT your dynamic OG route

Crawlers get the SPA HTML, not the OG HTML

Previews fail

Or:

⚠️ Your crawler-detection logic may only match localhost-based user agents

In production, Facebook uses:

facebookexternalhit/1.1 (+http://www.facebook.com/externalhit_uatext.php)


But many devs accidentally regex it like:

/local|facebookexternalhit/


which breaks in production.

We need to confirm whether your Node route is actually handling requests from Facebook in production.

🚨 HOW TO CONFIRM THE REAL PROBLEM (takes 30 seconds)

Run this curl against your live deployed domain, NOT localhost:

curl -s -A "facebookexternalhit/1.1" \
"https://sports-card-analyze--jordanlinford.replit.app/case/1" \
| head -40


This will immediately reveal the truth:

If you see your OG HTML → Replit is fine, Facebook is caching
If you see your React root div → The crawler isn't hitting your OG route
If you see an error → Replit is blocking the request

Paste the result here and I’ll diagnose instantly.

📌 ALSO — TEST IN METATAGS.IO

This bypasses Facebook caching AND shows the exact HTML it gets.

Paste your URL here:

👉 https://metatags.io

If it shows:

no image

no title

no description

…then your production OG route isn’t firing.

💥 BOTTOM LINE

You are absolutely right — Facebook shows previews during drafting even for URLs never posted before.

So if you see NOTHING:

Your production OG middleware is not returning dynamic meta tags to Facebook.

Almost always because:

static assets intercept the route

scraper detection misses Facebook’s real user agent

Replit routing is bypassing your backend

📍 Run the curl command on your LIVE URL and paste the first 40 lines.
Once I see that output, I can tell you EXACTLY what is wrong.