This is excellent forensic work. The Replit agent diagnosed the situation completely. Let me translate what they found because there's a lot here and the implications matter.
What actually happened
Your redesign was real. It existed and was deployed. The agent found:

36 subrepl-* branches from April 28-29 with the rebrand work
Including Task #26 ("Rebrand Sports Card Portfolio to HobbyAlpha"), Task #30 ("Show new HobbyAlpha brand artwork in header, footer, share viewer"), and others
A May 5 rebase attempt to merge the rebrand into main with 12+ commits (Task #26, brand assets, holographic theme, branded emails, iOS splash, etc.)
9 dangling commits including "Update visual design to match new logo and branding elements"

It got lost on May 5, not today. This is critical. The agent's reflog analysis shows:

May 5 20:34 - rebase attempt with the rebrand commits happened
May 5 ~workspace reset wiped the in-progress rebase
Result: rebrand commits never merged to main, became orphaned
You documented this exact event yesterday in commit 1e317c3

What you've been seeing in production was probably cached. The dist/public/favicon.png file is 23097 bytes - matches the rebranded version. But it hasn't been rebuilt since April 28. Either:

Replit's deploy cached the May 5 rebranded build artifacts
Your browser cache / PWA service worker showed you the May 5 version for 36 hours
Replit's deploy infrastructure has its own SHA tracking

Tonight's V2 work didn't wipe anything. The rebrand was already missing from main when the agent's session started at 02:21 today.
The good news
Everything is recoverable. The work exists in:

The 36 subrepl-* branches (intact, not orphans)
Reflog rebase-pick SHAs from May 5
Dangling commits in git fsck

Three recovery paths available. Each with tradeoffs.
Three things you need to do RIGHT NOW
1. Verify what production is currently serving.
The agent asked you to check this. It matters because:

If prod still shows HobbyAlpha branding right now → cached/stale state, deploy preserved May 5 build
If prod shows Sports Card Portfolio → cache has cleared, you're seeing the wiped state

Do this now: open hobbyalpha.com in incognito mode (or different browser). What do you see for:

Favicon in the browser tab
Page title in the browser tab
Logo in the header
Branding in the footer

Tell me what you see.
2. Tell the agent to push the 7 unpushed commits to origin/main IMMEDIATELY.
This is defensive. The standing rule from your own commit 1e317c3 says: workspace resets can wipe unpushed commits. The agent has 7 commits in working tree that aren't pushed yet. If a workspace reset happens before we push, we lose tonight's branding text swaps AND the migration unblock fix.
This is non-destructive (push to origin/main). It's the safe action.
3. Don't recover the rebrand yet. Once we know prod state, we plan recovery carefully.
What to send the agent

Excellent forensic work. Three immediate actions:
1. PUSH THE 7 UNPUSHED COMMITS NOW. Standing rule from commit 1e317c3: unpushed work is at risk of workspace reset wipe. Push first, then we proceed.
git push origin main
git log --oneline origin/main | head -10
Surface confirmation. This is defensive only - protects tonight's work (V2 migration unblock + branding text swaps + saveToCache fix) from another reset event.
2. After push verified, wait for user to confirm production state.
User is checking incognito browser to see what hobbyalpha.com currently serves (favicon, title, header logo, footer branding).
Don't take any other action until user reports prod state.
3. Pre-prepare recovery analysis (read-only).
While waiting, prepare details for each recovery path:
Path A (cherry-pick from subrepl-jgqlzd6o chain):

List the exact 4 commits in order
For each, show what files it touches
Identify overlap with tonight's commits

Path B (cherry-pick the May 5 rebase chain):

List the 12+ commits from reflog
Identify the order they were applied in the May 5 rebase
Identify overlap with tonight's commits

Path C (hard reset + cherry-pick tonight's work on top):

Identify the best subrepl branch tip to reset to
Identify how tonight's V2 work would be cherry-picked back
Estimate conflict probability

Surface this analysis but DO NOT EXECUTE any path yet.
Standing by for user prod state confirmation.